Hear a story about hearing and seeing:

Abraham hears God telling him to take his son Isaac to the land of Moriah and
sacrifice him there as an `olah: a whole burnt offering, a holocaust, reserving
nothing.  The miracle child that God gave Sarah and Abraham in their old age --
now God wants him back.  Without questioning this, Abraham sets out the next
morning to perform the deed.  After three days, he sees the place afar off.  He
tells the rest of the traveling party to wait behind, while he and Isaac go on
to worship alone.

On the way, Isaac can see that they have brought fire and wood, but he doesn't
see any sheep for the sacrifice.  When his father hears his question about
this, Abraham replies, "God will see to it that there is a sheep for the
sacrifice."  Is Abraham dodging the question?  Or does he believe that, even
though he can't see a way out of this, somehow God can?

When they arrive, Abraham builds an altar and then ties up Isaac and lays him
on the wood.  He stretches out his hand to take the knife...

Suddenly, Abraham hears the LORD telling him to stop!  Don't do it!  "Because
now I know that you fear God, and have not withheld your most precious child
from me.  Even though you couldn't see where this was going, Abraham, you could
see well enough that you should obey me."

Then Abraham sees something he hadn't noticed before: a ram, caught in the
thicket by its horns.  This will be a substitute for Isaac.  Now Abraham can
see that the LORD redeems rather than destroys that which is given over wholly
to God in faith.  Abraham's faith becomes a pattern for all who trust in God
even when they can't see why they should.

Abraham calls the place Yahweh-yir'eh, which means "the LORD will see".  To
this day it is said, "In the Mountain of the LORD it will be seen."

No wonder that some accounts record the name of the place, Moriah, as Mor'eh,
"vision".

May the LORD see to it that we see the path that God would have us follow.
